[unitaryHACK] Update interface introduction (#1333)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/introduction/interfaces/torch.rst

:ref:`QNode class constructor <intro_vcirc_qnode>`:

.. code-block:: python

    dev1 = qml.device('default.qubit', wires=2)
    dev2 = qml.device('default.mixed', wires=2)

    def circuit1(phi, theta):
        qml.RX(phi[0], wires=0)
        qml.RY(phi[1], wires=1)
        qml.CNOT(wires=[0, 1])
        qml.PhaseShift(theta, wires=0)
        return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0)), qml.expval(qml.Hadamard(1))

    qnode1 = qml.QNode(circuit1, dev1)
    qnode2 = qml.QNode(circuit1, dev2, interface='torch')

``qnode1()`` is a default NumPy-interfacing QNode, while ``qnode2()`` is a PyTorch-capable
QNode:

>>> qnode2(phi, theta)
tensor([0.8776, 0.6880], dtype=torch.float64)

.. _torch_interf_convert:

Construction from an existing QNode
-----------------------------------

Let's say we change our mind and now want ``qnode1()`` to interface with PyTorch. We can easily
perform the conversion by using the :meth:`~.QNode.to_torch` method:

>>> qnode1.to_torch()
>>> qnode1
<QNode: device='default.mixed', func=circuit1, wires=2, interface=PyTorch>

``qnode1()`` is now a PyTorch-capable QNode, as well. Internally, the
:meth:`QNode.to_torch <qnode.QNode.to_torch>` method uses the

> :func:`TorchQNode <interfaces.torch.TorchQNode>` function to do the conversion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`TorchInterface.apply <~.interfaces.torch.TorchInterface.apply>` function to do the conversion.
```

Looks like this function needs to get updated here too.

        qml.PhaseShift(theta, wires=0)
        return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(0)), qml.expval(qml.Hadamard(1))

    qnode1 = qml.QNode(circuit2, dev1)
    qnode1 = qml.QNode(circuit2, dev1, interface='torch')

``qnode1()`` ia now a PyTorch-capable QNode, as well:

>>> qnode1(phi, theta)
tensor([0.8776, 0.6880], dtype=torch.float64)

Converting an existing QNode
----------------------------

Sometimes, it is more convenient to instantiate a :class:`~.QNode` object directly, for example,
if you would like to reuse the same quantum function across multiple devices, or even
use different classical interfaces:

.. code-block:: python

    dev2 = qml.device('default.mixed', wires=2)
    qnode2 = qml.QNode(circuit2, dev2)

We can convert the default NumPy-interfacing QNode to a PyTorch-interfacing QNode by
using the :meth:`~.QNode.to_torch` method:

>>> qnode1_torch = qnode1.to_torch()
>>> qnode1_torch

> <QNode: device='default.qubit', func=circuit, wires=2, interface=PyTorch>

Author: Running the cells as they were before doesn't seem to give the `<QNode: device='default.qubit', func=circuit, wires=2, interface=PyTorch>` output. Instead, I get something like `<pennylane.qnode.QNode at 0x7ff01284d370>`.  Do you know the root of this inconsistency?

Reviewer 2: Good catch, we should definitely add the `__repr__` method back to the QNode - it must have gotten lost in a recent refactor. @albi3ro, could you open an issue for this?
